I really know how you came here
I heard that the Dragon King of Today's Building is out of customs.
I am a blogger of ten countries in the Western Regions
I have come to offer my treasure to the Dragon King
The Ten Kingdoms of the Western Regions Gift Building Dragon King
One Tianshan Snow Lotus King
50 pieces of gold and jade jewelry.
A box of Qixianxiang
This is both grass and spice, and I'm too embarrassed to give it away.
The life in the Western Regions is too hard
It's still our Daxia
You're a rat who can't get on the table
It's normal for me to know these treasures
This Tianxian Snow Lotus Wang is the best in medicine
Only one person for thousands of years
King of the Western Regions
This gold and jade jewelry is also the best among gems.
Extremely expensive
Especially this strange smell
It is made with the rarest spice in the world
At least 10 billion
Oh, dear.
I am a treasure
I really didn't bury it today
I didn't expect to be able to land treasures in the Western Regions
The deity is the Dragon King
I accept these gifts.
The ten kingdoms of the Western Regions have always treated me as a hero
Today's report
There must be an internal cut.
Let this counterfeit goods be nailed to the front first and then take a look.
Good Dragon King
My lizard has one more treasure
This is really a map of the country